Note that Firefox and Chrome do not proxy localhost by default (#1355)
zaproxy/zaproxy-website: site/content/faq/how-do-you-configure-zap-to-test-an-application-on-localhost.md

browser's proxy settings as well: [Configuring Proxies](/docs/desktop/start/proxies/).

You also need to check that you have not configured your browser to ignore
the configured proxy (ZAP) for localhost. Note that Firefox (>= version 67)

> and Chrome (>= version 72) by default do not proxy traffic to loopback addresses

Reviewer: Something like:
```suggestion
and Chrome (>= version 72) by default do not proxy loopback addresses' traffic
```

(which includes localhost).
[Configuring Proxies](/docs/desktop/start/proxies/) explains how to reconfigure

> them to proxy to loopback.

Reviewer: This one would have to be tweaked too.

Author: ```suggestion
them to loopback addresses' traffic.
```

> them to loopback addresses' traffic.

Reviewer: `them to proxy …`
